moscow evaluation (#55)
SW705E19/report: sections/discussion/moscow-evaluation.tex

\section{MoSCoW evaluation}

> Our MoSCoW was previously described in \autoref{sec:moscow}. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our MoSCoW analysis was previously described in \autoref{sec:moscow}.
```

> This section is an evaluation of the requirements we have in the MoSCoW.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section is an evaluation of the requirements we have in our MoSCoW analysis.
```

\subsection{Must have:}

> Almost all must have features have been completed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Almost all \textit{must have} features have been completed.
```

> These were considered absolute essential to have a minimum viable product. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These were considered absolutely essential to have a minimum viable product. 
```

> The only must have feature that we did not fully complete was testing for each component of the system to ensure quality.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The only \textit{must have} feature that we did not fully complete was testing for each component of the system to ensure quality.
```

The different tests and test methods have previously been described in \autoref{chap:testing-the-system}.

> We did not have enough time to test everything as thoroughly as we wanted to

Reviewer 2: måske evaluer på test ift API og front end separat

Reviewer 3: ^this

Reviewer 3: api har nice tests

\begin{table}[h]
    \begin{tabularx}{\textwidth}{|X|l|}
    \underline{Must have features:}                                                                   & \underline{Status} \\
    It must be possible to create, read, update, and delete profiles as a tutor and user              & Completed \\
    See information about tutors                                                                      & Completed \\
    Change a user to a tutor                                                                          & Completed \\
    See all services                                                                                  & Completed \\
    See information about services                                                                    & Completed \\
    Support of multiple languages                                                                     & Completed \\
    A tutor must have information so a user can contact him                                           & Completed \\

>     There must be ratings for a tutor                                                                 & Completed \\

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    There must be ratings for a service                                                                 & Completed \\
```

>     A user must able to search for courses or tutors                                                  & Completed \\

Reviewer 2: tjek lige i moscow om der står tutors skal have reviews og ændr til service hvis der gør

    Testing for each component of the system to ensure quality                                        & Partly completed \\
    An intuitive user experience that has been systematically evaluated                               & Completed \\
    \end{tabularx}
\end{table}

\subsection{Should have:}

> The should have features increases the user experience a lot, bot are not considered essential for the program.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The \textit{should have} features improve the user experience a lot, but are not considered essential for the program.
```

> All the should have features have been completed

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All the should have features have been completed.
```

> All the should have features have been completed.

Reviewer: should have in textit?

\todo{Check efter om A user should only be able to rate a service once. Er det fixet eller ej?}
\begin{table}[h]
    \begin{tabularx}{\textwidth}{|X|l|}
    \underline{Should have features:}                                                                 & \underline{Status} \\
    A landing page that gives the user clear information about the purpose of the site                & Completed \\
    The site should work on both mobile and web                                                       & Completed \\
    Generate recommendations for users                                                                & Completed \\
    A user should only be able to rate a service once                                                 & Completed \\
    Each service should belong to one or more categories                                              & Completed \\
   \end{tabularx}
\end{table}

\subsubsection{Could have:}

> Nothing in could have have been fully completed due to not having enough time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
None of the requirements in \textit{could have} have been fully completed.
```

We have made an administration dashboard to create new categories, but administrators are still unable to ban users ban tutors.

\begin{table}[h]
    \begin{tabularx}{\textwidth}{|X|l|}
    \underline{Could have features:}                                                                                  & \underline{Status} \\
    There could be an administration dashboard for administrators to create new categories and ban users and tutors   & Partly completed \\

>     The possibility for a user to write a review of a tutor                                                           & Incompleted \\

Reviewer 2: Der skal generelt stå Incomplete i stedet for Incompleted

    A calendar page for a tutor to show available timeslots and booked times                                          & Incompleted \\
    A user can book a tutor                                                                                           & Incompleted \\
    On-site payment service                                                                                           & Incompleted \\
    Tutors and users can communicate through a messaging system                                                       & Incompleted \\
    A tutor could be able to upload material and grant access to materials to certain users                           & Incompleted \\
    It should be possible to view materials                                                                           & Incompleted \\
    A user could be able to see courses that he has participated in before                                            & Incompleted \\
\end{tabularx}
\end{table}

\subsubsection{Won't have:}

> We only had one features in our won't have. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We only had one feature in our \textit{won't have}. 
```

\section{MoSCoW evaluation}
Our MoSCoW analysis was previously described in \autoref{sec:moscow}.
This section is an evaluation of the requirements we have in our MoSCoW analysis.

\subsection{Must have:}
Almost all \textit{must have} features have been completed.
These were considered absolutely essential to have a minimum viable product. 
The only \textit{must have} feature that we did not fully complete was testing for each component of the system to ensure quality.

> We choose to focus test on the critical parts the API with most of the business logic. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We choose to focus tests on the critical parts the API with most of the business logic. 
```

> Some parts of the front end has been tested, but has been prioritized lower than the API, and therefore some parts of the front end is not tested. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Some parts of the front end have been tested, but the front end had lower priority than the API, and therefore some parts of the front end were not tested. 
```

The different tests and test methods have previously been described in \autoref{chap:testing-the-system}.

> We did not have enough time to test everything as thoroughly as we wanted to.

Reviewer 2: vil vi stradig have den her sætning nu når vi snakker om hvordan vi prioriterer osv?
